Terms of Service

NearFi (Commnet Times Pvt Ltd) utilizes an innovative method to provide geo messaging or location based communication, and other services to users worldwide.
You agree to our Terms of Service (“Terms”) by installing or using our apps, services, or website (together, “Services”).



About our services


Minimum Age
You must be at least 13 years old to use our Services. The minimum age to use our Services without parental approval may be higher in your home country.


Account Registration
To create an account, you must register for an anonymous account or a user account using your email, or social accounts.


Privacy of user data
NearFi does not sell or rent your personal data or content in any way.

Please read our Privacy Policy to understand how we safeguard the information you provide when using our Services. For the purpose of operating our Services, 
you agree to our data practices as described in our Privacy Policy, as well as the transfer of your information and metadata to India and 
other countries where we have or use facilities, service providers or partners. Examples would be Third Party Providers sending you a 
verification code and processing your support tickets.


Software. In order to enable new features and enhanced functionality, you consent to downloading and installing updates to our Services.

Fees and Taxes. You are responsible for data and mobile carrier fees and taxes associated with the devices on which you use our Services.



Using NearFi

Our Terms and Policies. You must use our Services according to our Terms and posted policies. If we disable or restrict your account for a violation of our Terms, 
you will not create another account without our permission.

Legal and Acceptable Use. You agree to use our Services only for legal, authorized, and acceptable purposes.
You will not use (or assist others in using) our Services in ways 
that: (a) violate or infringe the rights of NearFi, our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights; 
(b) involve sending illegal or impermissible communications such as bulk messaging and auto-messaging.

Harm to NearFi. You must not (or assist others to) access, use, modify, distribute, transfer, or exploit our Services in unauthorized manners, 
or in ways that harm NearFI, our Services, or systems. For example you must not 
(a) gain or try to gain unauthorized access to our Services or systems; 
(b) disrupt the integrity or performance of our Services; 
(c) create accounts for our Services through unauthorized or automated means; 
(d) collect information about our users in any unauthorized manner; or 
(e) sell, rent, or charge for our Services.

Keeping Your Account Secure. You are responsible for keeping your device and your NearFi account safe and secure. 
If you lose your phone or want to stop using a device for NearFi service, please contact our support at support@nearfi.io.

No Access to Emergency Services. Our Services do not provide access to emergency service providers like the police, fire department, hospitals, or 
other public safety organizations. Make sure you can contact emergency service providers through a mobile, fixed-line telephone, or other service.

Third-party services. Our Services may allow you to access, use, or interact with third-party websites, apps, content, and other products and services.
When you use third-party services, their terms and privacy policies govern your use of those services.
